Update installer (#423)
mandiant/flare-vm: README.md

Updates
===

Our most recent updates make FLARE VM even more open and maintainable to allow the community to easily add and update tools and make them quickly available to everyone. We've worked hard to open source the packages which detail how to install and configure analysis tools. The FLARE VM project now uses automatic testing, updating, and releasing to make updated packages immediately installable. Read on for more details and all the relevant project and documentation links.

See this [blog](insert URL) for more information regarding changes!

Installation
===

> **Note:** FLARE VM should ONLY be installed on a virtual machine!

* Prepare a Windows 10+ virtual machine
  * FLARE VM has been tested on [Windows 10 1809 x64](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/tools/vms/)

>   * We recommend a disk capacity of at least 70-80 GB and memory of at least 2 GB

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * We recommend to avoid usernames that contain a space or other special characters
  * We recommend a disk capacity of at least 70-80 GB and memory of at least 2 GB
```

## Updates

Our latest updates make FLARE VM more open and maintainable to allow the community to easily add and update tools and make them quickly available to everyone. We've worked hard to open source the packages (see the [VM-packages](https://github.com/mandiant/VM-Packages) repo) which detail how to install and configure analysis tools. The FLARE VM project now uses automatic testing, updating, and releasing to make updated packages immediately installable. See this [blog](insert URL) for more information regarding recent changes!

### Good to Know Now

* Windows 7 is no longer supported
* FLARE VM has been tested on [Windows 10 1809 x64](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/tools/vms/) and `20H2`
* Please do a fresh install instead of trying to update an older FLARE VM

> * The installer has a GUI and can be ran in CLI-only

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The installer has a GUI and can also run in CLI-only mode
```

* Contributing is encouraged!!

## Installation

> **Note:** FLARE VM should ONLY be installed on a virtual machine!

* Prepare a Windows 10+ virtual machine
  * FLARE VM has been tested on [Windows 10 1809 x64](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/tools/vms/) and `20H2`
  * We recommend:
    * Avoiding usernames containing a space or other special characters
    * Using a disk capacity of at least 70-80 GB and memory of at least 2 GB
  * Disable Windows Updates (at least until installation is finished)
    * https://www.windowscentral.com/how-stop-updates-installing-automatically-windows-10

>   * Disable Tamper Protection and any Anti-Malware solution (e.g., Windows Defender), preferably via GPO.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Disable Tamper Protection and any Anti-Malware solution (e.g., Windows Defender), preferably via Group Policy.
```

    * Disabling Tamper Protection
      * https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/prevent-changes-to-security-settings-with-tamper-protection-31d51aaa-645d-408e-6ce7-8d7f8e593f87
      * https://www.tenforums.com/tutorials/123792-turn-off-tamper-protection-windows-defender-antivirus.html
    * Disabling Windows Defender
      * https://stackoverflow.com/questions/62174426/how-to-permanently-disable-windows-defender-real-time-protection-with-gpo
      * https://www.windowscentral.com/how-permanently-disable-windows-defender-windows-10
      * https://github.com/jeremybeaume/tools/blob/master/disable-defender.ps1
* Take a VM snapshot so you can always revert to a state before FLARE VM installation

> * Open a `PowerShell` window as administrator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Open a `PowerShell` prompt as administrator
```

> * Download the the installation script [`installer.ps1`](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mandiant/flare-vm/master/install.ps1) to your desktop

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Download the installation script [`installer.ps1`](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mandiant/flare-vm/master/install.ps1) to your desktop
```

  * `(New-Object net.webclient).DownloadFile('https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mandiant/flare-vm/master/install.ps1',"$([Environment]::GetFolderPath("Desktop"))\install.ps1")`
* Unblock the installation script by running:
  * `Unblock-File .\install.ps1`
* Enable script execution by running:
  * `Set-ExecutionPolicy Unrestricted`
* Finally, execute the installer script as follow:
  * `.\install.ps1`
    * You can also pass your password as an argument: `.\install.ps1 -password <password>`
* After installation it is recommended to switch to "host-only" networking mode and take a VM snapshot

### Installer GUI

The installer now features a GUI to enable easy customizations! You may customize:
* Package selection
* Environment variable paths

![Installer GUI](https://github.com/mandiant/flare-vm/blob/update_installer/installer_gui.png)

### Installer CLI

> Get full usage information by running `Get-Help .\install.ps1  -Detailed`. Below are the CLI parameter descriptions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get full usage information by running `Get-Help .\install.ps1 -Detailed`. Below are the CLI parameter descriptions.
```

```
PARAMETERS
    -password <String>
        Current user password to allow reboot resiliency via Boxstarter. The script prompts for the password if not provided.

    -noPassword [<SwitchParameter>]
        Switch parameter indicating a password is not needed for reboots.

    -customConfig <String>
        Path to a configuration XML file. May be a file path or URL.

    -noWait [<SwitchParameter>]
        Switch parameter to skip installation message before installation begins.

    -noGui [<SwitchParameter>]
        Switch parameter to skip customization GUI.

    -noReboots [<SwitchParameter>]
        Switch parameter to prevent reboots.

    -noChecks [<SwitchParameter>]
        Switch parameter to skip validation checks (not recommended).
```

To run the installer in **CLI-only mode**, use the following combination of parameters:

```
.\install.ps1 -password Passw0rd! -noWait -noGui -noChecks

> ```

Reviewer: I suggest to move this to the top of the Installer CLI section.
